W-14924493-Include-the-Delta-on-Pub (#151)
mulesoft/docs-mq: modules/ROOT/pages/mq-failover.adoc

xref:mq-usage.adoc#api-requests[API request] quota.
These checks can also cause latency.
+

> Publishing to the fallback queue is slower than publishing to the primary queue due to the checks and the expected network latency of processing from a queue in a different region.

Reviewer: 1. Can we say "Publishing or consuming" because the latency will be for both while writing and reading
2. Instead of "is slower", should we say "could be slower"? Some primary-fallback region pairs are close to each other and don't have much latency difference.

Reviewer: @tyagianubhav21 can you please review. This is regarding the documentation ticket that Q4 team filed for cross region resiliency feature.

> Publishing to the fallback queue is slower than publishing to the primary queue due to the checks and the expected network latency of processing from a queue in a different region.

Author: ```suggestion
Publishing to or consuming from the fallback queue might be slower than with the primary queue due to the checks and the expected network latency of processing from a queue in a different region.
```
